a crowded area rough under attack
Israeli Jets targeted a road leading to
a market plunging a refuge for
Palestinians into chaos and
[Applause]
despair my family and I were in the car
all of a sudden a missile was fired on
us and we flew up in the air some of
them were killed and others
injured in a zaa buzas removed the rle
helping the search for survivors
Israeli forces destroyed this
three-story building in central Gaza
killing many
inside the rubber was on us we didn't
know what was happening our neighbors
about 50 people were inside mostly women
and children we are praying to find
survivors my father mother and
5-year-old daughter are among the
victims what wrong did those innocent
children do in the city of Dar bah
another Israeli air strike more than 150
civilians had sought refuge in these
homes Witnesses say the casualties are
mainly women and
children we rushed out of the house
after we heard the blast and we saw this
building collapse as you can see we kept
digging and the majority of the dead
bodies and body parts were children and
women by God all women and kids some
seven eight and 12year old children what
have they done to deserve this
what have these kids done to be punished
like
this others also question the reason for
the Israeli attacks saying residential
areas here show no signs of compact
activity just look and see what's around
you corpses and body parts is there any
safe place we can go to anywhere safe
where do we go we're tired we run away
from the north to the South back to the
central part of Gaza where can we go the
whole world is watching a no one cares
have mercy on us ala hospital is
overwhelmed with the
injured minist of Health says that
Israel's attacks have killed more than
37,000 Palestinians in Gaza for
survivors deliveries of food are entally
needed because of the acute level of
hanger and medical supplies need to
arrive too tar abum Al jazer Rafa in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz